# 2 Plays

# 2. Plays

I believe the starting point is to have a vision statement for your portfolio of products: **why do they exist?** My version of this after thinking five minutes about it is to enable “best experience” for users of mobile and IoT apps. Doctors and nurses, security and network architects, employees and guests, retailers and customers - they will all have a different definition of what “experience” means that we can expand on… but ultimately, the software portfolio we bring to the table needs to have an anchor point to figure out easily what it stands for. "There is a multi-vendor infrastructure installed at a customer environment…. why do I bother buying Aruba software on top of it, while I have many other options?” The vision statement needs to sum up our answer in a simple 3-4 statement. If the usage of the infrastructure is increased with the availability of Aruba software, then there is a value chain that will build up around network/security/location analytics … since more data = more business value.

Then the question that needs to be answered is to figure out **what do we want.** This piece of the puzzle is also usually referred to as mission statements. Defined on a 1-3-5 year roadmaps or phases. Again thinking about it for a few minutes, for Aruba software portfolio, they could be: (1) rationalize network services portfolio, (2) setup a GTM motion for security services, (3) unify developer programs for location services… (just examples, does not have to be the real statements). These are things that are tangible but meaty enough to qualify as your 4-5 mission statements that everyone in your org could rally behind and easily understand.

Each of these mission statements will ultimately be about **what we offer to market, each with individual line-by-line activities we need to take care of**. Today let’s sum them up as network services, security services and location services. Each of these groups of products will have to align with a mission statement or more in terms of their overall direction and tactical investment strategy. And each need to offer 3-5 sales plays… each play would need to map to one or more product SKU where we can measure the overall current revenue, growth rates, vertical and regional exposure so that we can measure / re-define success metrics for each.

I have gone through this exercise during the last few months for location services - summarized in our [Gartner MQ response and our sales pitch deck](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/pjuowdzmbko5jc9/AADltrz9r483b-diDE2K0vZda?dl=0). High level vision statement (bridge physical to digital indoors), individual sets of missions (developer program focus to fuel long-term growth and WLAN install base focus to fuel short term growth) and 5 sales plays that are tied to individual product SKUs (ClearPass Guest, ALE, Meridian Campaigns, Meridian Blue Dot, Meridian Asset Tracking). This is a result of many customer, analyst, sales interviews and meetings.

I believe that there is value in repeating this exercise for network services and security services… and take these findings to one step higher and create the vision - mission - sales play statements for Aruba software in general.

