# 2024.05.03

**What we believe to be true?**

Great people make great companies: if they improve their “score”, everyone wins. And, AI is an individualistic technology: single bot can learn and act as a personality. Same exact bot can be trained to do unlimited number of tasks, for different people, and for the same person across different context and time.

Bots are fast, and machines will have a much easier time to interact with them. Human interaction with bots using text, voice, video is still quite awkward.

If we want to make a personalized bot for individuals to help them “score” themselves and improve what they do… then we need agents built “within the machine” to move at lightspeed: human - agent - bot.

A company is made up of individuals. Individuals need to get smarter, not their AI assistants. Hence the laser focus on putting individual at the center of all innovation.

True innovation and impact comes when you can target human brain (left/right), human heart or human energy at the center of a story. In this collection of ideas, 8 hours of human brain will be at the center.

Training of the agent to your personalized state needs to be done prior to this journey. In other words, the base agent should be trained to become your personalized trainer, coach, mentor. This needs to be done by the individual.

In order to create the network effect, the human learning experiences would be shared publicly or privately with friends and colleagues. Think Coursera meets LinkedIn, but content and status are dynamic in nature vs static; only update by the agent, not the human.

Instead of one to many content for learning and improvement (eg. virtual and physical classrooms) from a static one time generated set of knowledge, human will get to interact with real-time wealth of information and knowledge based on her individual needs at that point in time.

Knowledge worker is potentially the ideal target since the chance of us measuring her performance in the real-world (and comparing against her agent assigned score) is possible via virtual tools she uses (emails, meetings, etc).

**Our Principles**

**Problems to solve**

**Market analysis**

**Customer validation**

**Design & Engineering**

